c:\users\adrián\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApiSeguros\WebApiSeguros.Tests\bin\Debug\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\adrián\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApiSeguros\WebApiSeguros.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\adrián\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApiSeguros\WebApiSeguros.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\adrián\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApiSeguros\WebApiSeguros.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\adrián\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApiSeguros\WebApiSeguros.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\adrián\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApiSeguros\WebApiSeguros.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\adrián\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApiSeguros\WebApiSeguros.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\adrián\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApiSeguros\WebApiSeguros.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\adrián\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApiSeguros\WebApiSeguros.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\adrián\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApiSeguros\WebApiSeguros.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\adrián\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApiSeguros\WebApiSeguros.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\adrián\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApiSeguros\WebApiSeguros.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\adrián\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApiSeguros\WebApiSeguros.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\adrián\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApiSeguros\WebApiSeguros.Tests\bin\Debug\WebApiSeguros.Tests.dll
c:\users\adrián\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApiSeguros\WebApiSeguros.Tests\bin\Debug\WebApiSeguros.Tests.pdb
c:\users\adrián\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApiSeguros\WebApiSeguros.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.QualityTools.UnitTestFramework.dll
c:\users\adrián\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApiSeguros\WebApiSeguros.Tests\bin\Debug\WebApiSeguros.dll
c:\users\adrián\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApiSeguros\WebApiSeguros.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\adrián\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApiSeguros\WebApiSeguros.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\adrián\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApiSeguros\WebApiSeguros.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\adrián\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApiSeguros\WebApiSeguros.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\adrián\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApiSeguros\WebApiSeguros.Tests\bin\Debug\WebApiSeguros.pdb
c:\users\adrián\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApiSeguros\WebApiSeguros.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\adrián\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApiSeguros\WebApiSeguros.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\adrián\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApiSeguros\WebApiSeguros.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\adrián\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApiSeguros\WebApiSeguros.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\adrián\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApiSeguros\WebApiSeguros.Tests\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.VisualStudio.QualityTools.UnitTestFramework.resources.dll
c:\users\adrián\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApiSeguros\WebApiSeguros.Tests\bin\Debug\es\System.Web.Http.resources.dll
c:\users\adrián\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApiSeguros\WebApiSeguros.Tests\bin\Debug\es\System.Web.Http.WebHost.resources.dll
c:\users\adrián\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApiSeguros\WebApiSeguros.Tests\bin\Debug\es\System.Net.Http.Formatting.resources.dll
c:\users\adrián\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApiSeguros\WebApiSeguros.Tests\obj\Debug\WebApiSeguros.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\adrián\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApiSeguros\WebApiSeguros.Tests\obj\Debug\WebApiSeguros.Tests.dll
c:\users\adrián\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApiSeguros\WebApiSeguros.Tests\obj\Debug\WebApiSeguros.Tests.pdb
C:\Users\Adrián\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebApiSeguros\WebApiSeguros.Tests\bin\Debug\WebActivatorEx.dll
C:\Users\Adrián\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebApiSeguros\WebApiSeguros.Tests\bin\Debug\WebApiSeguros.Dominio.dll
C:\Users\Adrián\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebApiSeguros\WebApiSeguros.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.dll
C:\Users\Adrián\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebApiSeguros\WebApiSeguros.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Adrián\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebApiSeguros\WebApiSeguros.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Adrián\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebApiSeguros\WebApiSeguros.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Adrián\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebApiSeguros\WebApiSeguros.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
C:\Users\Adrián\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebApiSeguros\WebApiSeguros.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Adrián\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebApiSeguros\WebApiSeguros.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Adrián\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebApiSeguros\WebApiSeguros.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Adrián\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebApiSeguros\WebApiSeguros.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Adrián\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebApiSeguros\WebApiSeguros.Tests\bin\Debug\WebApiSeguros.Dominio.pdb
C:\Users\Adrián\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebApiSeguros\WebApiSeguros.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.xml
C:\Users\Adrián\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebApiSeguros\WebApiSeguros.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Adrián\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebApiSeguros\WebApiSeguros.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Adrián\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebApiSeguros\WebApiSeguros.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
C:\Users\Adrián\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebApiSeguros\WebApiSeguros.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
C:\Users\Adrián\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebApiSeguros\WebApiSeguros.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Adrián\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebApiSeguros\WebApiSeguros.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Adrián\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebApiSeguros\WebApiSeguros.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Adrián\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebApiSeguros\WebApiSeguros.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Adrián\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebApiSeguros\WebApiSeguros.Tests\bin\Debug\WebApiSeguros.Aplicacion.dll
C:\Users\Adrián\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebApiSeguros\WebApiSeguros.Tests\bin\Debug\WebApiSeguros.Aplicacion.pdb
C:\Users\Adrián\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebApiSeguros\WebApiSeguros.Tests\bin\Debug\WebApiSeguros.Datos.dll
C:\Users\Adrián\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebApiSeguros\WebApiSeguros.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Adrián\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebApiSeguros\WebApiSeguros.Tests\bin\Debug\WebApiSeguros.Datos.pdb
C:\Users\Adrián\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebApiSeguros\WebApiSeguros.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Adrián\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebApiSeguros\WebApiSeguros.Tests\bin\Debug\WebApiSeguros.Base.dll
C:\Users\Adrián\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebApiSeguros\WebApiSeguros.Tests\bin\Debug\WebApiSeguros.Base.pdb
C:\Users\Adrián\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebApiSeguros\WebApiSeguros.Tests\bin\Debug\Castle.Core.dll
C:\Users\Adrián\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebApiSeguros\WebApiSeguros.Tests\bin\Debug\NSubstitute.dll
C:\Users\Adrián\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebApiSeguros\WebApiSeguros.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\Adrián\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebApiSeguros\WebApiSeguros.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\Adrián\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebApiSeguros\WebApiSeguros.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Adrián\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebApiSeguros\WebApiSeguros.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Adrián\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebApiSeguros\WebApiSeguros.Tests\bin\Debug\WebApiSeguros.Tests.dll.config
C:\Users\Adrián\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebApiSeguros\WebApiSeguros.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.Cors.dll
C:\Users\Adrián\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebApiSeguros\WebApiSeguros.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Cors.dll
C:\Users\Adrián\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WebApiSeguros\WebApiSeguros.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.Cors.xml
